docs: Update Postgres connector docs to reflect CDC replica support in v3.6.21+ (#61644)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/postgres/postgres-troubleshooting.md

- The modifications you want to capture must be made using `DELETE`/`INSERT`/`UPDATE`. For example, changes made using `TRUNCATE`/`ALTER` will not appear in logs and therefore in your destination.
- Schema changes are not supported automatically for CDC sources. Reset and resync data if you make a schema change.
- The records produced by `DELETE` statements only contain primary keys. All other data fields are unset.

> - Log-based replication works for master instances of Postgres. CDC can also be run from a read-replica of your primary database starting from connector version 3.6.21, provided the replica is configured appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log-based replication works for master instances of Postgres. CDC can also be run from a read-replica of your primary database starting from Postgres version 16.1 and connector version 3.6.21, provided the replica is [configured to allow this](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/warm-standby.html#CASCADING-REPLICATION).
```
